[#9427] Fix:  possibly change "lockbox" vs "deferred" value pool name (#9684)
ZcashFoundation/zebra: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org).

## Unreleased

### Added

> - RPCs which return value pools now return the pool with id "lockbox" to eventually

Reviewer: eventually...?

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org).

## Unreleased

> ### Breaking Changes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Breaking Changes

```

> - Value pool "deferred" changes its identifier to "lockbox". `GetBlock` and `GetBlockchainInfo` 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Value pool "deferred" changes its identifier to "lockbox". `getblock` and `getblockchaininfo` 
```

>   RPCs returning value pools will now return the `lockbox` to the `FS_DEFERRED`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  RPC methods will now return `lockbox` as the `FS_DEFERRED`
```

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org).

## Unreleased

> ### Changed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Breaking Changes
```

- Value pool "deferred" changes its identifier to "lockbox". `GetBlock` and `GetBlockchainInfo` 
  RPCs returning value pools will now return the `lockbox` to the `FS_DEFERRED`
  value pool to match [reference implementation](https://github.com/zcash/zcash/pull/6912/files#diff-decae4be02fb8a47ab4557fe74a9cb853bdfa3ec0fa1b515c0a1e5de91f4ad0bR276).
  This only applies at the RPC layer. 

> - Slice `[GetBlockchainInfoBalance; 5]` type is aliased as `BlockchainValuePoolBalances`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: Looks like too much detail for the main CHANGELOG. We need to add the breaking change here https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/blob/main/zebra-rpc/CHANGELOG.md under a `### Breaking changes` header. We can add this type alias change there under a `### Changed` header.
